[Music]
hey everyone is mark for Android Central
and we are taking a look at the sharp of
these crystal take a look at this five
inch 720p display edge middle - no bezel
nothing here on top and right side the
front-facing camera is one megapixel and
you can see here on the lower left
corner let's take a look at the back
that's the 8 megapixel camera with top
you see the power vine and attack for
audio bottom microUSB and that's even
microphone
nothing here on the right side but if
you look on the left side that's the
volume control so this is running
Android Apple is
let's open up
that's near time so smokin of Amber's
scrolling is not that smooth it's
probably waiting for things to load up
right now you could also take
screenshots by swiping the top bar over
here
and the signature screenshot here on top
after screenshots you could have quick
access to that
so another feature that they've talked
about this app pass this is a
subscription-based thing where we pay
$4.99 a month and you have access to all
these apps so here's the ranking you can
see the prices here $6.99 $14.99 they're
all crossed out because it's now
included in the subscription $4.99
also that was free you are given $4.99
as an in-app purchase so that's really
cool
they say they will add more apps as they
go along so here are some of the apps GT
racing 2 camera zoom FX a key weather
patterns to lots of applications
available over here so here's the quick
comparison with the iPhone 5 us
I eventually display on the right size 4
inch display the left side little to no
bezel here on the sharper crystal size
wise just take a look at five
[Music]
it feels pretty light actually alright
so that's a quick look at the sharpen
Cousteau if you have any questions let
us know in the comment section below
head over to android central.com for
more details that should be it and mark
thanks for watching
[Music]
you